SURMA: Changes to certain
properties of elements
trigger layout style or
paint in the browser.
For example, when you change
the font size of an element,
the browser will have to
reposition all siblings
and repaint them.
And this can get fairly
expensive really,
really quickly.
Containment allows you to define
boundaries for the browser's
layout style and paint work.
You're making a
guarantee to the browser
that changes inside an element
with a containment property
do not need to be
propagated to the outside.
In our router example, I created
a CSS animation for font size
which you should never ever do.
But it is an easy way to
trigger layout on every frame.
If we make a timer
recording, we can
see that the document root
gets layouted every frame.
So let's give every view the
contain strict CSS attribute,
meaning that the view is now
a boundary for layout style
and paint.
Now, the timer recording will
show that the view itself
is the layout route.
And there you have
it-- a single CSS
as property to make
your performance better.
What more could
you possibly want?
Thanks for watching,
and see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]